[TwigComponent][LiveComponent] Add Embedded Live Components doc (#1072)
symfony/ux: src/LiveComponent/doc/index.rst

(:ref:`such as the key prop for lists of embedded components <rendering-quirks-with-list-of-embedded-components>`),
you can make it behave exactly like you need.

.. _passing-blocks:

> Passing Blocks to Components

Reviewer: I think this is in the wrong section - it's right in the middle of the docs on "nested components" - i.e. parent-child setup. 

Also, WDYT about:

`Passing Content (Blocks) to Components`

From a user's perspective, I am "passing content into my component". Blocks are the mechanism, but not the star. We should update the same title in Twig components.

Author: Oh yeah, you're right 🙈 
I just put it right after nested blocks, because that's also where it is in the Twig Component docs, but indeed in the Live Components there are subsections. I placed it behind those subsections now.

Author: I also changed the section titles.

----------------------------

> Passing blocks to Live components works completely the same way you would `pass blocks for Twig Components`_. Except...

Reviewer: Passing content via blocks to Live...

Also, the next paragraph is a bit thick. We know the technical word is "context", users think "variables". Suggestion to replace the entire paragraph with:

... Except with one important difference: when a component is re-rendered, any variables defined
only in the "outside" template will note be available. For example, this won't work:

Author: yep agreed, changed

When re-rendering a Live component, only the template for thàt component is rendered. The blocks defined in the
"parent" template are grabbed via the smart Twig templating system, but the context from the parent template is *NOT*
available during re-rendering. So, keep in mind to not refer to any outer context variables within blocks of a live component.

This won't work:

.. code-block:: twig

    {# templates/some_page.html.twig #}

>     {% set message = 'Outer context only works on first render' %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {% set message = 'Variables from the outer part of the template are only available during  the initial render' %}
```

        }
    }

.. _passing-blocks:

Passing Content (Blocks) to Components
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Passing content via blocks to Live components works completely the same way you would `pass content to Twig Components`_.
Except with one important difference: when a component is re-rendered, any variables defined only in the

> "outside" template will note be available. For example, this won't work:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
"outside" template will not be available. For example, this won't work:
```
